Refactor Modules for Inbound Authentication (#15435)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang: stdlib/ldap/src/main/ballerina/ldap/Module.md

## Module Overview

> This module provides LDAP authentication provider, which can be used to authenticate with LDAP credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module provides an LDAP authentication provider, which can be used to authenticate using LDAP credentials.
```
